# Goal of the Project:
The goal of this project was to make a remake of Agar.io and Vanis.io which was a popular online game. This project is still a work in progress, the UI and UX are fully developed but the physics of the game is not yet complete. 

# Tools Used:
- Visual Studio Code
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

#Methodology:
	The first step of this project was to create a blank page with a “Play,” “nickname,” and “spectate” button using HTML, and then the buttons were made blue and chamfered using CSS. After the main buttons were added, additional features were added using HTML and CSS. As seen in the image to the left, there are many features including server selection on the right whether that be European servers, North American Servers, or Asian servers. On the left side, there is a banner and XP bar which is linked to your discord. This means that all of your progress and settings are saved with your Discord account so that you can play on multiple computers. Towards the bottom of the page, there are options to join the game discord and tournament discord which users can click on to be redirected to the discord page to ask questions if there are in-game bugs or errors. On the bottom left the user has the option to complete tasks to receive XP and to buy different power ups from the in-game shop. These features have not been entirely determined meaning that in the future new power ups and features can be added to make the game more enjoyable. Towards the top of the game, there is a floating settings bar that has many options that the user can turn on and off. In the settings tab, there are many features including rendering, gameplay, HUD settings, Visual settings, chat settings, map settings, and many more. Next in the controls tab, the users have the option to configure their settings however they see fit by clicking on the empty spot and pressing any key that they want and then that key will be saved to that control. This feature gives users the option to fully customize their gaming experience by allowing them to change their keybinds. The next tab is the “Replays'' tab which is where user-saved clips of the game get saved. From this tab, users can download their clips and save them to their computer, or if they wish they can delete the clips from their clips tab. The next two tabs “Leaderboard” and “Friends” allow users to see who has the most XP and also allow users to add others that they would like to play with in the future. This friends option was added because it made the game really fun by having the capability of playing with friends that you know. The final tab is “Skins” where users can upload Imgur skins and then in the game these skins will be displayed over their cells.  This interface was made with customization and user experience in mind so that all users no matter what their taste is, they would have an interactive and amazing experience playing this game, which is something that many other games lack. 

#Challenges Faced:
  The main challenge that I faced was making sure that looks and appearance didn’t take away from functionality because oftentimes having something look overly good it would take away from what its intended purpose was. 
